docs(pyroscope.ebpf): rewrite container id sections, include PID label (#6265)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.ebpf.md

| `__name__`         | pyroscope metric name. Defaults to `process_cpu`.                                                                                |
| `__container_id__` | The container ID derived from target.                                                                                            |

### Targets 

One of the following special labels `__container_id__`, `__meta_docker_container_id`, and `__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id`, 

> `__process_pid__` _must always_ be present in each target of `targets` and correspond to the container or process to profile.

Reviewer: Should  `__meta_docker_container_id`, `__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id`, and
`__process_pid__` be mentioned in the table above?

Author: idk. The table above is the table of labels we inject in target inside pyroscope.ebpf component.  And we do not inject __meta_docker_container_id, __meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id, 
__process_pid__  , but expect them to be provided from discovery components

Reviewer 2: @ptodev @korniltsev Tough call. Reading the text above the table, it's clearly stated that the labels listed are injected into the profiles. If I understand this properly, at least one of the special labels have to be in the final target. Are these labels defined elsewhere in relation to this component? Can we link to them?

Reviewer 3: If it's one of the special labels, should the list of labels be joined by "and" or "or"? And sounds like all of them need to be there.

Author: >If it's one of the special labels, should the list of labels be joined by "and" or "or"? And sounds like all of them need to be there.

at least one of them

Author: >If I understand this properly, at least one of the special labels have to be in the final target. 

correct

> Are these labels defined elsewhere in relation to this component?

`__process_pid__` is provided by `discovery.process`.  `__meta_docker_container_id` is provided by `discovery.docker`, `__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id` is provided by `discovery.kubernetes.`

> Can we link to them?

Yes. Can you please suggest how?

Reviewer 2: @korniltsev I don't see these labels clearly defined anywhere in the docs except in places like the `discovery.kubernetes` and `discovery.kublet` topics.  Could we define it this way (matching how it's documented in elsewhere)?

```suggestion
One of the following special labels _must_ be included in each target of `targets` and the label must correspond to the container or process that is profiled:

* `__container_id__`: The container ID.
* `__meta_docker_container_id`: The ID of the Docker container.
* `__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id`: The ID of the Kubernetes pod container.
* `__process_pid__` : The process ID.
```

We could possibly extend the descriptions a little to make it even more clear what they label.

Reviewer 3: I like your suggestion, Clayton.

Author: I've applied the suggestion, but I dont see links to the relevant components documentation

Reviewer 2: @korniltsev I dug through the docs and I don't see anything specific to link to. I duplicated the style and content used for a similar requirement in other similar topics. That should be enough unless you think we need more here @ptodev ?
